Rephrase background section in README (#296)
tetratelabs/wazero: README.md

First, why do you want to write host environments in Go? You might want to have plugin systems in your Go project and want these plugin systems to be safe/fast/flexible, and enable users to
write plugins in their favorite languages. That's where Wasm comes into play. You write your own Wasm host environments and embed Wasm runtime in your projects, and now users are able to write plugins in their own favorite lanugages (AssembyScript, C, C++, Rust, Zig, etc.). As a specific example, you maybe write proxy severs in Go and want to allow users to extend the proxy via [Proxy-Wasm ABI](https://github.com/proxy-wasm/spec). Maybe you are writing server-side rendering applications via Wasm, or [OpenPolicyAgent](https://www.openpolicyagent.org/docs/latest/wasm/) is using Wasm for plugin system.

> However, experienced Golang developers often avoid using CGO because [_CGO is not Go_](https://dave.cheney.net/2016/01/18/cgo-is-not-go)[ -- _Rob_ _Pike_](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAAkCSZUG1c&t=757s), and it introduces another complexity into your projects. But unfortunately, as I mentioned there's no pure Go Wasm runtime out there, so you have to resort to CGO, and that's the main reason why we have started developing wazero project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, experienced Golang developers often avoid using CGO because it introduces complexity. For example, CGO projects are larger and complicated to consume due to their libc + shared library dependency. Also, debugging panics are are more difficult as a large amount of code is not written in Go. [_CGO is not Go_](https://dave.cheney.net/2016/01/18/cgo-is-not-go)[ -- _Rob_ _Pike_](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAAkCSZUG1c&t=757s) dives in deeper. At the time this project began, all major Go wasm runtimes required CGO because they are implemented in Rustlang. To decouple from CGO means starting from scratch in Go, and that's how wazero began.
```
